hi guys I'm Laura Vitale and on this
episode of Laura in the kitchen I'm
going to show you how to make potato
hash now this is not to be mistaken with
hash browns because for me there are two
completely different things and in a
future episode I would love to share my
recipe for hash browns but for right now
I'm gonna make potato hash and let me
take you over the ingredients so we can
get started you're gonna need some
potatoes peeled and diced I'm using
Yukon Gold and I cut them into about
half-inch little cubes like that you're
also going to need some chopped up red
bell pepper onion some fresh parsley
garlic salt and pepper and a little bit
of olive oil and a 10 C bit of butter
now like I always said potato hash and
hash browns for me or two different
things these are like the little cubes
of potatoes that are mixed with veggies
and cooked and crispy and delicious and
then the hashbrowns
or the shredded kind that get really
crispy but they don't normally have any
veggies in them this happens to be my
favorite way of eating them I do prefer
them over ash Browns but to be honest I
like them both so today I'm doing this
kind now in this large skillet I have
some olive oil and a little bit of
butter and I'm melting that over about
medium heat and you could also use any
other kind of potatoes I prefer the
Yukon Gold they're so buttery they got
like a sweet buttery rich taste which I
adore they have my favorite potato but
you can use whatever you want obviously
now once that comes up to temperature
I'm going to show you what to do next
and my potatoes and this like I said is
over a medium heat give us a little stir
and now what I'm going to do is I'm
going to cover them this lid obviously
isn't big enough to fit the pan but
that's okay what I want to do is just
cover the potatoes and I'm going to let
this cook for about ten minutes what I'm
trying to do is cook the potatoes half
way like kind of steamed them half way
and then when I add my veggies and I
Brown them up I'll ensure that they're
completely cooked for
when they develop a good amount of color
I'm not nervous that they're cooked on
the outside but now on the inside so I'm
going to let those go for 10 minutes and
then I'll show you the next step after
10 minutes I'm going to take off the lid
turn the heat up to about that
medium-high and give these a sturdy
because so already tell they're starting
to brown that is what you're looking for
after that I'm going to add in my onions
and my pepper and I'm going to just
season that with some salt and pepper
and now the important thing to remember
here is not to mix them too much because
if you over mix them then you're not
going to get you know to form a crust on
anything so what I'm going to do and
give this a stir just to make sure
everything is mixed together actually
going to switch through this because I
make sure everything is nice and flat
like so and I'm going to cook it like
that for about five minutes and I'm
going to give it a toss I'm going to
flatten it out again and go to for
another 5 minutes and I'm like just
continue to do that until the veggies
and the potatoes just develop a nice
golden brown crispy on the outside
crispy color and then I'll show you what
they look like once are there so just
keep keep your eye on them just making
sure that you always keep everything in
one layer and leaving it there for a few
minutes in order for that crust to form
my potatoes are pretty much exactly how
I want them now I'm going to sprinkle in
the garlic and now I didn't add the
garlic when I added the rest of the
veggies because if I were to cook the
garlic for that long it would burn and
when garlic burns becomes very bitter I
don't like that sprinkle in some parsley
potatoes took about 15 minutes to
develop the color now I'm just going to
cook them for another minute or two
until the garlic becomes fragrant look
great Oh YUM
that to me you're like the perfect
like oh that one right there oh yeah oh
yeah they're so yummy and so simple they
don't take very long at all
but they have definitely that restaurant
quality like hashed potatoes or whatever
that you're going you get on a Saturday
morning for breakfast somewhere into the
bomb go www.laurainthekitchen.com kits
recipe I'll see you next time bye